Docs: Add documentation for `parameters.a11y.test` (#30538)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-tests/accessibility-testing.mdx

The `'off'` value should only be used for stories that do not need to be tested for accessibility, such as one used to demonstrate an antipattern in a component's usage.

You can also [disable individual rules](#configure) when they are not applicable to your use case.

</Callout>

### Recommended workflow

You can use configuration to progressively work toward a more accessible UI by combining multiple test behaviors. For example, you can start with `'error'` to fail on accessibility violations, then switch to `'todo'` to mark components that need fixing, and finally remove the todos once all stories pass accessibility tests:

1. Update your project configuration to fail on accessibility violations by setting `parameters.a11y.test` to `'error'`. This ensures that all new stories are tested to meet accessibility standards.
   
   {/* prettier-ignore-start */}
   <CodeSnippets path="addon-a11y-parameter-error-in-preview.md" />
   {/* prettier-ignore-end */}

1. You will likely find that many components have accessibility failures (and maybe feel a bit overwhelmed!).

> 1. Take note of the components which have accessibility issues and temporarily reduce their failures to warnings by applying the `'todo'` parameter value. This keeps accessibility issues visible while not blocking development. This is also a good time to commit your work so far, as a baseline for future improvements.

Reviewer: Words are not precious but we could go with something as follows:
```suggestion
1. Take note of the components with accessibility issues and temporarily reduce their failures to warnings by applying the `'todo'` parameter value. This keeps accessibility issues visible while not blocking development. This is also a good time to commit your work as a baseline for future improvements.
```
